## cuefr6
Repository for the experiment stimuli creation, task (PsychoPy) and the analysis code for Experiment 6 

## Overall Experiment Design 
- Within Subjects design (Retrieval Practice vs. Control)

- Procedures
- 		1.Study (25 word list)
- 		2a. Retrieval Practice condition
	 		Filler (5-min tetris)
	 		Selective Retrieval Practice 
			Filler (5-min tetris)
- 		2b. Control condition 
			10-min tetris 
- 		3. Free Recall 
	* 4 blocks total (2 x retrieval practice & 2 x control, randomized)
	* Final free recall of _all_ the target items at the end of the 4th block 


## Experiment program files 
* The experiment file folder must contain:
	* /tetris 
	* /stimuli
	* /data

* If using Windows machine,
	- Go to `C:\Program Files\PsychoPy3\Lib\site-packages\psychopy\tools`
	- Change  
	`QUERY_COUNTER = GL.GLuint()
   GL.glGenQueries(1, ctypes.byref(QUERY_COUNTER))`
  to  
		`QUERY_COUNTER = None`
	
## Stimuli
Materials were selected from stimuli used in Polyn and colleagues (2011). In their study, forty-nine categories were chosen from the wordpools developed by Battig and Montague (1969) and Van Overschelde, Rawson, and Dunlosky (2003). Polyn and colleagues (2011) developed the category norms by asking participants to freely generate exemplars from a given category. Based on participants’ responses from the norming experiment, highly common (generated by over 50% of the participants) and highly unusual (generated by three or fewer people) category exemplars were excluded from the wordpool to limit memory bias from semantic frequency. From this set, study lists for Experiment 6 were generated through randomly sampling a list of 25 category-target word pairs with several restrictions. \
  (1) Each study list contained seven filler and 18 critical items, each of which was sampled from a unique category. \
  (2) Each critical item’s target word started with a unique first letter such that the 25 target words on the study list consisted of 19 or more unique first letters. 

* script summary highlights 
   * 25 items in each session 
   * 5 filler items + 18 critical items + 2 filler
   * all critical items *must* be from *different categories* and start with a *unique first letter*
   * retrieval practice prompts: first letter of the word + _ _ _ _ (vary based on word length)



